# DSCI_503-Project_02
This program will simulate future prices of a stock based on properties of that stock.

  First I will create and test a function to generate sequences of simulated daily stock prices, or runs.  It will randomly generate a simulated sequence of daily stock prices (or runs) based on several parameters.  The function wil be tested and the results will be varified.
  The second function will take the above created run as input and calculate the the annual yield for the stock over the simulated period.  It will then be tested with the simulated data from the previously generated run.
  After working with seeds to produce specific outcomes I will build a function to perform the Monte Carlo Simulation.  The Monte Carlo Simulation is a mathematical technique that prrdicts possible outcomes of an uncertain event.  In this case I will use simulated past data to predict a range of future outcomes.  I will then test the functionality using a specific random seeds.
  I will then compare the effects of volatility on simulated stock prices. I will do this by performing two Monte Carlo simulations. The two simulations will use different volatilities, but will otherwise use the same parameters. Now I will use Monte Carlo simulation to estimate probabilities relating to the performance of two stocks with different parameters.
  Lastly, I will conclude this project by exploring an application of Monte Carlo simulation. A call option is a particular type of investment whose final value (or payoff) is based on the price of a stock. When you purchase a call based on a stock, it will have a specified expiration date, as well as a strike price that we will denote by ğ¾. Let ğ‘† denote the price of the stock when the call expires. If ğ‘† > ğ¾, then you will receive a payoff of ğ‘† âˆ’ ğ¾ dollars from your call. If ğ‘† â‰¤ ğ¾, then your payoff would be $0.
